Remove props injection list (#6766)
marmelab/react-admin: UPGRADE.md

};
```

> We used to inject a `syncWithLocation` prop set to `true` to the `List` components used in a `Resource`. As we removed the props injection, we also inverted this prop and renamed it `disableSyncWithLocation`. This means you now have to explicitly opt out the synchronization of the list parameters with the browser location:

Reviewer: This isn't very clear. I'm putting myself in the shows of someone who has never seen this prop and I wonder if I need to add it or not...

Author: Better now?

};
```

We used to inject a `syncWithLocation` prop set to `true` to the `<List>` components used in a `<Resource>`. This instructed the `<List>` to synchronize its parameters (such as pagination, sorting and filters) with the browser location.

> As we removed the props injection, we enabled this synchronization by default for all `<List>`, used in a `<Resource>` or not. As a consequence, we also inverted this prop and renamed it `disableSyncWithLocation`. This means you now have to explicitly opt out the synchronization of the list parameters with the browser location, for example because you have multiple `<List>` inside a dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we removed the props injection, we enabled this synchronization by default for all `<List>`, used in a `<Resource>` or not. As a consequence, we also inverted this prop and renamed it `disableSyncWithLocation`. This doesn't change anything if you only used `<List>` components inside `<Resource list>`. 

However, if you had multiple `<List>` components inside used a single page, or if you used `<List>` outside of a `<Resource>`, you now have to explicitly opt out the synchronization of the list parameters with the browser location:
```
